INSERT INTO SDE2024.disease (description, name, precaution1, precaution2, precaution3, precaution4) VALUES
('An adverse drug reaction (ADR) is an injury caused by taking medication. ADRs may occur following a single dose or prolonged administration of a drug or result from the combination of two or more drugs.', 'Drug Reaction', 'stop irritation', 'consult nearest hospital', 'stop taking drug', 'follow up'),
('An infectious disease caused by protozoan parasites from the Plasmodium family that can be transmitted by the bite of the Anopheles mosquito or by a contaminated needle or transfusion. Falciparum malaria is the most deadly type.', 'Malaria', 'Consult nearest hospital', 'avoid oily food', 'avoid non veg food', 'keep mosquitos out'),
('An allergy is an immune system response to a foreign substance that''s not typically harmful to your body.They can include certain foods, pollen, or pet dander. Your immune system''s job is to keep you healthy by fighting harmful pathogens.', 'Allergy', 'apply calamine', 'cover area with bandage', 'use ice to compress itching', ''),
('Hypothyroidism, also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid, is a disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone.', 'Hypothyroidism', 'reduce stress', 'exercise', 'eat healthy', 'get proper sleep'),
('Psoriasis is a common skin disorder that forms thick, red, bumpy patches covered with silvery scales. They can pop up anywhere, but most appear on the scalp, elbows, knees, and lower back. Psoriasis can''t be passed from person to person. It does sometimes happen in members of the same family.', 'Psoriasis', 'wash hands with warm soapy water', 'stop bleeding using pressure', 'consult doctor', 'salt baths'),
('Gastroesophageal reflux disease, or GERD, is a digestive disorder that affects the lower esophageal sphincter (LES), the ring of muscle between the esophagus and stomach. Many people, including pregnant women, suffer from heartburn or acid indigestion caused by GERD.', 'GERD', 'avoid fatty spicy food', 'avoid lying down after eating', 'maintain healthy weight', 'exercise'),
('Chronic cholestatic diseases, whether occurring in infancy, childhood or adulthood, are characterized by defective bile acid transport from the liver to the intestine, which is caused by primary damage to the biliary epithelium in most cases', 'Chronic cholestasis', 'cold baths', 'anti itch medicine', 'consult doctor', 'eat healthy'),
('Hepatitis A is a highly contagious liver infection caused by the hepatitis A virus. The virus is one of several types of hepatitis viruses that cause inflammation and affect your liver''s ability to function.', 'hepatitis A', 'Consult nearest hospital', 'wash hands through', 'avoid fatty spicy food', 'medication'),
('Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis, affecting millions of people worldwide. It occurs when the protective cartilage that cushions the ends of your bones wears down over time.', 'Osteoarthristis', 'acetaminophen', 'consult nearest hospital', 'follow up', 'salt baths'),
('Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) is one of the most common causes of vertigo — the sudden sensation that you''re spinning or that the inside of your head is spinning. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo causes brief episodes of mild to intense dizziness.', '(vertigo) Paroymsal  Positional Vertigo', 'lie down', 'avoid sudden change in body', 'avoid abrupt head movement', 'relax'),
('Hypoglycemia is a condition in which your blood sugar (glucose) level is lower than normal. Glucose is your body''s main energy source. Hypoglycemia is often related to diabetes treatment. But other drugs and a variety of conditions — many rare — can cause low blood sugar in people who don''t have diabetes.', 'Hypoglycemia', 'lie down on side', 'check in pulse', 'drink sugary drinks', 'consult doctor'),
('Acne vulgaris is the formation of comedones, papules, pustules, nodules, and/or cysts as a result of obstruction and inflammation of pilosebaceous units (hair follicles and their accompanying sebaceous gland). Acne develops on the face and upper trunk. It most often affects adolescents.', 'Acne', 'bath twice', 'avoid fatty spicy food', 'drink plenty of water', 'avoid too many products');
